Installing and Activating the US-Polymath Keyboard Layout


"US-PolymathKeyboardMac.pdf" is a compact one-page keyboard 
map. Print a copy for reference, and save this file on the Desktop 
or in some folder where you can find it easily. Of course, MacOS
also has a Keybaord Viewer item in the keyboard menu for an online 
keyboard layout map.


*** Installing the Keyboard Layout ***

1. The quicker method for installation is to double-click on the
"US-Polymath.dmg" file. This should produce a window showing two
items: an icon "US-Polymath.bundle" and a folder. Drag the bundle 
icon into the folder, and you're done.

2. In case that method doesn't work (i.e., the files you have to
look for in the Activation step below can't be found), then an 
alternative method (with its own two alternatives!) is as follows: 

a) To make the keyboard layout available to all users on your 
computer (for this you will need to be an administrator), copy the 
files "us-polymath.keylayout" and "us-polymath.icns" into the folder 
"/Library/Keyboard Layouts". (If you have already installed a 
previous version of the US-Polymath keyboard layout, then confirm 
that you want the old files overwritten.) 

OR

b) To make the layout available only to your own user account, copy 
the files "us-polymath.keylayout" and "us-polymath.icns" to the 
folder "~/Library/Keyboard Layouts".

3. Log out, then log in again. This will let the system install the 
US-Polymath keyboard. 


*** ACTIVATING THE LAYOUT ***

1. From the Apple Menu, open "System Preferences" then "Languages & 
Region".

2. In the "Preferred Languages", select "English", and click on
"Keyboard Preferences".

3. In the windows that opens, the left column shows the activated
keyboard layouts. If "US-Polymath" isn't there, Click on "+".

3. Scroll down the list on the right to find the item with the name 
"US-Polymath". Select it, then click on "Add". 

4. Close the System Preference window.

5. The US-Polymath keyboard should now be listed in the Keyboard menu
(aka Input menu) near the right end of the Mac screen.

